# ExportsVulnsDownloadChunk200Response

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**asset** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::ExportsVulnsDownloadChunk200ResponseAssetInner>**](exports_vulns_download_chunk_200_response_asset_inner.md)> | Information about the asset where the scan detected the vulnerability. | [optional]
**output** | Option<**String**> | The text output of the Nessus scanner. | [optional]
**plugin** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::ExportsVulnsDownloadChunk200ResponsePluginInner>**](exports_vulns_download_chunk_200_response_plugin_inner.md)> | Information about the plugin that detected the vulnerability. | [optional]
**port** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::ExportsVulnsDownloadChunk200ResponsePortInner>**](exports_vulns_download_chunk_200_response_port_inner.md)> | Information about the port the scanner used to connect to the asset. | [optional]
**recast_reason** | Option<**String**> | The text that appears in the Comment field of the recast rule in the Tenable Vulnerability Management user interface. | [optional]
**recast_rule_uuid** | Option<**String**> | The UUID of the recast rule that applies to the plugin. | [optional]
**scan** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::ExportsVulnsDownloadChunk200ResponseScanInner>**](exports_vulns_download_chunk_200_response_scan_inner.md)> | Information about the latest scan that detected the vulnerability. | [optional]
**severity** | Option<**String**> | The severity of the vulnerability as defined using the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score. Possible values include `info` (CVSS score of 0), `low` (CVSS score between 0.1 and 3.9), `medium` (CVSS score between 4.0 and 6.9), `high` (CVSS score between 7.0 and 9.9), and `critical` (CVSS score of 10.0). | [optional]
**severity_id** | Option<**i32**> | The code for the severity assigned when a user recast the risk associated with the vulnerability. Possible values include:   - 0—The vulnerability has a CVSS score of 0, which corresponds to the \"info\" severity level.  - 1—The vulnerability has a CVSS score between 0.1 and 3.9, which corresponds to the \"low\" severity level.  - 2—The vulnerability has a CVSS score between 4.0 and 6.9, which corresponds to the \"medium\" severity level.  - 3—The vulnerability has a CVSS score between 7.0 and 9.9, which corresponds to the \"high\" severity level.  - 4—The vulnerability has a CVSS score of 10.0, which corresponds to the \"critical\" severity level. | [optional]
**severity_default_id** | Option<**i32**> | The code for the severity originally assigned to a vulnerability before a user recast the risk associated with the vulnerability. Possible values are the same as for the `severity_id` attribute. | [optional]
**severity_modification_type** | Option<**String**> | The type of modification a user made to the vulnerability's severity. Possible values include:   - none—No modification has been made.  - recasted—A user in the Vulnerability Management user interface has recast the risk associated with the vulnerability.   - accepted—A user in the vulnerability Management user interface has accepted the risk associated with the vulnerability.   For more information about recast and accept rules, see the [Recast/Accept Rules](https://docs.tenable.com/vulnerability-management/Content/Settings/Recast/AboutRecastRules.htm) in the Tenable Vulnerability Management User Guide. | [optional]
**first_found** | Option<**String**> | The ISO date when a scan first detected the vulnerability on the asset. | [optional]
**last_fixed** | Option<**String**> | The ISO date when a scan no longer detects the previously detected vulnerability on the asset. | [optional]
**last_found** | Option<**String**> | The ISO date when a scan last detected the vulnerability on the asset. | [optional]
**indexed_at** | Option<**i64**> | The date and time (in Unix time) when the vulnerability was indexed into Tenable Vulnerability Management. | [optional]
**state** | Option<**String**> | The state of the vulnerability as determined by the Tenable Vulnerability Management state service. Possible values include:   - OPEN—The vulnerability is currently present on an asset.   - REOPENED—The vulnerability was previously marked as fixed on an asset, but has been detected again by a new scan.   - FIXED—The vulnerability was present on an asset, but is no longer detected.  Note that the API uses different terms for vulnerability states than the user interface. The `new` and `active` states in the user interface map to the `open` state in the API. The `resurfaced` state in the user interface maps to the `reopened` state in the API. The `fixed` state is the same. | [optional]
**source** | Option<**String**> | The source of the scans that identified the vulnerability. Sources can include sensors, connectors, and API imports. The values in the `source` field correspond to the names of the sources as defined in your organization's implementation of Tenable Vulnerability Management.   Commonly used source names include:  - AWS—The vulnerability data was obtained from an Amazon Web Services connector.  - AGENT—The vulnerability data was obtained from a Tenable Nessus Agent scan.  - NNM—The vulnerability data was obtained from a Tenable Nessus Network Monitor (NNM) scan.  - NESSUS—The vulnerability data was obtained from a Tenable Nessus scan. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


