# ExportsVulnsRequestExportRequestFilters

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cidr_range** | Option<**String**> | Restricts search for vulnerabilities to assets assigned an IP address within the specified CIDR range. For example, 0.0.0.0/0 restricts the search to 0.0.0.1 and 255.255.255.254. | [optional]
**first_found** | Option<**i64**> | Returns vulnerabilities that were first found between the specified date and now. The date must be specified in Unix 10-digit time format (seconds). | [optional]
**indexed_at** | Option<**i64**> | Returns vulnerabilities that were indexed into Tenable Vulnerability Management at the specified date. The date must be specified in Unix 10-digit time format (seconds). | [optional]
**last_fixed** | Option<**i64**> | Returns vulnerabilities that were fixed between the specified date and now. The date must be specified in Unix 10-digit time format (seconds). | [optional]
**last_found** | Option<**i64**> | Returns vulnerabilities that were last found between the specified date and now. The date must be specified in Unix 10-digit time format (seconds). | [optional]
**since** | Option<**i64**> | The start date for the range of data you want to export. The date must be specified in Unix 10-digit time format (seconds). Use this filter in conjunction with the state filter as follows:  - If the state filter is set to `open` or `reopened`, the export includes data for vulnerabilities that were seen on or after the since date you specify.  - If the state filter is set to `fixed`, the export includes data for vulnerabilities that were fixed on or after the since date you specify.  - If you do not include the state filter in your request, the export includes data for open and reopened vulnerabilities that were seen on or after the since date you specify, and fixed vulnerabilities that were fixed on or after the since date you specify. **Note:** This filter cannot be used in conjunction with the `first_found`, `last_found`, or `last_fixed` filters. | [optional]
**network_id** | Option<[**uuid::Uuid**](uuid::Uuid.md)> | The ID of the network object associated with scanners that detected the vulnerabilities you want to export. The default network ID is `00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000`. To determine the ID of a custom network, use the [GET /networks](ref:networks-list) endpoint. For more information about network objects, see [Manage Networks](doc:manage-networks-tio). | [optional]
**plugin_family** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | A list of plugin families for which you want to filter the vulnerabilities returned in the vulnerability export. This filter is case-sensitive. If your request omits this parameter, the export includes all vulnerabilities regardless of plugin family. For a list of supported plugin family values, use the [GET /plugins/families](ref:io-plugins-families-list) endpoint. | [optional]
**plugin_id** | Option<**Vec<i32>**> | A list of plugin IDs for which you want to filter the vulnerabilities returned in the vulnerability export. If your request omits this parameter, the export includes all vulnerabilities regardless of plugin ID. | [optional]
**plugin_type** | Option<**String**> | The plugin type for which you want to filter the vulnerabilities returned in the vulnerability export. For example, `remote`, `local`, `combined`, etc. If your request omits this parameter, the export includes all vulnerabilities regardless of plugin type. | [optional]
**scan_uuid** | Option<[**uuid::Uuid**](uuid::Uuid.md)> | The UUID of the scan for which you want to filter vulnerabilities returned in the vulnerability export. | [optional]
**severity** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The severity of the vulnerabilities to include in the export. Defaults to all severity levels. The severity of a vulnerability is defined using the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score. Supported array values are:  - info—The vulnerability has a CVSS score of 0.  - low—The vulnerability has a CVSS score between 0.1 and 3.9.  - medium—The vulnerability has a CVSS score between 4.0 and 6.9.  - high—The vulnerability has a CVSS score between 7.0 and 9.9.  - critical—The vulnerability has a CVSS score of 10.0. | [optional]
**severity_modification_type** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | Returns vulnerabilities with the specified severity modification type. This filter can be used to return vulnerabilities with a modified severity due to a recast or accept rule. Supported case-sensitive values are:  - NONE—No modification to the severity has been made.  - RECASTED—A user has recast the risk associated with the vulnerability.  - ACCEPTED—A user has accepted the risk associated with the vulnerability. | [optional]
**state** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The state of the vulnerabilities you want the export to include. Supported, case-insensitive values are:  - OPEN—The vulnerability is currently present on a host.  - REOPENED—The vulnerability was previously marked as fixed on a host, but has returned.  - FIXED—The vulnerability was present on a host, but is no longer detected.  This parameter is required if your request includes `first_found`, `last_found`, or `last_fixed` parameters. If your request omits this parameter, the export includes default states `OPEN` and `REOPENED` only.  Note that the API uses different terms for vulnerability states than the user interface. The `new` and `active` states in the user interface map to the `open` state in the API. The `resurfaced` state in the user interface maps to the `reopened` state in the API. The `fixed` state is the same. | [optional]
**source** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | Returns vulnerabilities identified by the specified source. A source is the entity that reported the vulnerability details. Sources can include sensors, connectors, and API imports. If your request specifies multiple sources, Tenable Vulnerability Management returns all vulnerabilities seen by any of the specified sources.   The items in the `source` array must correspond to the names of the sources as defined in your organization's implementation of Tenable Vulnerability Management. Commonly used source names include:  - AWS—The vulnerability data was obtained from an Amazon Web Services connector.  - AGENT—The vulnerability data was obtained from a Tenable Nessus Agent scan.  - NNM—The vulnerability data was obtained from a Tenable Nessus Network Monitor (NNM) scan.  - NESSUS—The vulnerability data was obtained from a Tenable Nessus scan. | [optional]
**tag_period_less_than_category_greater_than** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | Returns vulnerabilities on assets with the specified asset tags. The filter is defined as \"tag\", a period (\".\"), and the tag category name. The value of the filter is an array of tag values. For more information about tags, see the <a href=\"https://docs.tenable.com/vulnerability-management/Content/Platform/Settings/Tagging/TagFormatAndApplication.htm\" target=\"_blank\">Tenable Vulnerability Management User Guide</a>. | [optional]
**vpr_score** | Option<[**crate::models::ExportsVulnsRequestExportRequestFiltersVprScore**](exports_vulns_request_export_request_filters_vpr_score.md)> |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


